# DL-36253
## [Redesign | Navigation, search and footer ] Implement new way of working for menu_item title
Link to ticket: https://rituals.atlassian.net/browse/DL-36253

## Problems I faced in this ticket

### 1. Changing the environment we are fetching CF from

How to fix:

1. Go to Business Manager
2. Administration -> Global Preferences -> Global Custom Preferences -> Contenful
3. Change the values in Contentful Config


### 2. Contentful Cache and disabling the languages of menu_items in the response

One of the issues in my theory is that if I add the new 'title' resource in the menu_item, it won't be fetched because it's overlapping with the languages -> title. To avoid this, I tried disabling the response by going to Content model of the menu_item and then disabling Languages in the response by clicking on the 3 dots. This is currently causing an issue where the website crashes for me.

Train of taught:
Currently looking into a potential fix....

Theory 1: We remove languages from the response, our code looks for the language based on the locale, can't find any, and breaks.

Changing the locale to nl-nl works, but it doesn't have the newly added CF resource in the response. Could it be that it's failing cause the keys are overlapping?

Update 14:26 PM - Removed the JSX from the WimoPage.tsx file, opens up, contentful is fetched correctly. So the issue lies in there somewhere?
Update 14:35 PM - Found out that removing the footer makes the page render. Footer is where the issue is.

The issue is definitely in the Contentful Provider. Not getting the languages in the response breaks something.

Update 15:16 PM - The issue lies within the footer title in Footer Menu, **menu?.title?.value**, since this is now undefined because of the new structure

Update 15:20 PM - FIXED. It needs to be **menu?.title?.value?.value**

TODO for next day - ask someone what PreviewData is?

How to remove cache? For some reason value is Test for Resource instead of Customer Service

Monday 08.01.2024.

Checking if all the menu_items are being correctly consumed by our code.

1. Footer - seems fine. Not using the mapContentfulItems helper for this.
2. Header - needed to add an extra call to the mapContentfulItems to fetch the title. Before it was coming from the CTAs title.
3. Navigation - works fine, has nested menu_items (one for top, one for inside of it). What is outlet and where is it coming from?
The featured title shows up if we have that title available. Otherwise, it fetches the title from the first CTA, which is OUTLET in this case.
4. Search - working fine.

## mapContentfulItems usage
1. FooterMenu - works fine
2. LegalInformation - uses internal_title and CTA for titles
3. HeaderTopMenu - works fine
4. NavigationItems - works fine, but may need more testing
5. NavigationItem - works fine, but may need more testing
6. SubCategories - tested, possible bug when adding the new title field, no content showing (I changed Body & Bath to Body & Bath Test, on hover, none of the items showed).
When adding the title, it has to match the shopAllCta Title in order to show subcategories. Seems to be working now.
7. SubNavigation - works fine, didn't break anything
8. DefaultSearchSuggestions - works fine
9. HighlightSecondAndThirdBlock - type issues, need fix.
10. ProductDescription - types issues, need fix.
11. ProductSlider - types issues, need fix.
12. ThreeTileSlide - types issues, need fix.

## Fix to the types 
Since the interface NavigationChild now would need to extend ContentfulMenuItem which as the title type now has ContentfulResource instead of ContentfulObject, I have changed the interface to a type, and using an intersection of ContentfulMenuItem &
ContentfulCTAEndpoint &
ContentfulMenu

We can't have 'extend' on the interface, since ContentfulCTAEndpoint and ContentfulMenu both have a title of type ContentfulObject.


## Fixing conflicts that came from Kukas ticket

1. twoTileHelper - had as NavigationChild casting on lines 76 and 132